Add Team Progress Checklist email (#69)
srobo/team-emails: SR2021/2020-12-10-december-update.md

---
to: Team Leaders
subject: Student Robotics Decemeber Update
---
Hello there!

There are only 5 weeks until our [first round of league matches](https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2021/league-1/) so we wanted to check in and give you an update.

## Progress

We've put together the below checklist of things that should have happened by now to help ensure you're making good progress.

 - Team Leaders should be in Discord and have the "Team Leader" role
 - Competitors should be in Discord
 - (If multiple teams) Competitors have formed separate teams and have the correct team role in Discord
 - Microgames from Kickstart should be completed
 - You should have a robot that moves, with some intelligence
 - Everyone in the team should have access to the team's code and can collaborate
 - Everyone in the team should have run the code and understands how it works

## Friendlies

Some of the competitors in Discord have expressed an interest in us running friendly matches. We think this is a great idea, so on the 9th of January we will be running non-scored matches for any team that wishes to take part. More information around how to submit code and opt in to the matches will follow!

> If you haven't completed any of these items just let us know and we'll do our best to help out!

Reviewer: Should probably reword this so it's less negative.

```suggestion
If you need help with any of these items, just let us know and we'll do our best to help!
```
